How many singers do we have?
What is the total number of singers?
Show name, country, and age for all singers, ordered by age from oldest to youngest, and then by Singer ID from lowest to highest.
What are the names, countries, and ages for every singer in descending order of age, and in ascending order of Singer ID when ages are the same?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age of all singers from France?
What is the average, minimum, and maximum age for all French singers?
Show the name and the release year of the song by the youngest singers.
List all names and release years of songs by all singers who are the youngest.
What are all distinct countries where singers above age 20 are from?
What are  the different countries with singers above age 20?
Show all countries and the number of singers in each country.
How many singers are from each country?
List unique song titles by singers whose age is above the average.
List each distinct song name once whose singers are older than the average age.
Show location and name for all stadiums with a capacity between 5000 and 10000.
What are the locations and names of all stations with capacity between 5000 and 10000?
What is the maximum capacity and the mean average capacity of all stadiums?
What is the maximum capacity and the mean average capacity for all stadiums?
What is the name and capacity for the stadium with the highest average attendance, prioritizing the lowest Stadium ID in case of a tie?
What is the name and capacity for the stadium with the highest average attendance?
How many concerts are there in year 2014 or 2015?
How many concerts occurred in 2014 or 2015?
Show the stadium name and the number of concerts in each stadium.
For each stadium, display the number of concerts that take place there, identified by Stadium ID.
Show the stadium name and capacity with most number of concerts in year 2014 or after.
What is the name and capacity of the stadium with the most concerts after 2013 ?
Which years had most number of concerts?
Which years had the highest number of concerts?
Show the stadium names without any concert.
What are the names of the stadiums without any concerts?
Show countries where a singer above age 40 and a singer below 30 are from.
Show names for all stadiums except for stadiums having a concert in year 2014.
What are the names of all stadiums that did not have a concert in 2014?
Show the name and theme for all concerts and the number of singers in each concert.
What are the names , themes , and number of singers for every concert ?
List singer names and number of concerts for each singer.
What are the names of the singers and number of concerts for each person?
List each unique singer name of those who performed in concerts in year 2014.
List the distinct names of singers who performed in a concert in 2014.
what are the names and nations of the singers who have a song having 'Hey' in its name?
What is the name and country of origin of every singer who has a song with the word 'Hey' in its title?
Find the name and location of the stadiums which some concerts happened in the years of both 2014 and 2015.
What are the names and locations of the stadiums that had concerts that occurred in both 2014 and 2015?
Find the number of concerts happened in the stadium with the highest capacity .
What are the number of concerts that occurred in the stadium with the largest capacity ?
Find the number of pets whose weight is heavier than 10.
How many pets have a greater weight than 10?
Find the weight(s) of the youngest dog(s).
Show the weight(s) of the youngest dog(s).
Find the maximum weight for each type of pet. List the maximum weight and pet type.
List the maximum weight and type for each type of pet.
Find number of pets owned by students who are older than 20.
How many pets are owned by students that have an age greater than 20?
Find the number of dog pets that are raised by female students (with sex F).
How many dog pets are raised by female students?
Find the number of distinct type of pets.
How many different types of pet are there?
Find the first name of students who have cat or dog pet.
What are the first names of every student who has a cat or dog as a pet?
Find the first name of students who have both cat and dog pets .
What are the students' first names who have both cats and dogs as pets?
Find the major and age of students who do not have a cat pet.
What major is every student who does not own a cat as a pet, and also how old are they?
Find the IDs of students who do not own any cats as pets.
What are the ids of the students who do not own cats as pets?
Find the first name and age of students who have a dog but do not have a cat as a pet.
What is the first name of every student who has a dog but does not have a cat?
Show the type(s) and weight(s) of the youngest pet(s).
Show the type(s) of the youngest pet(s) and their weight(s).
Find the id and weight of all pets whose age is older than 1.
What is the id and weight of every pet who is older than 1?
Find the average and maximum age for each type of pet.
What is the average and maximum age for each pet type?
Find the average weight for each pet type.
What is the average weight for each type of pet?
Find the first name and age of students who have a pet.
What are the different first names and ages of the students who do have pets?
Find the ids of the pets owned by students whose last name is ‘Smith’.
What is the id of the pet owned by the student whose last name is 'Smith'?
Find the number of pets for each student who has any pet and student id.
For students who have pets , how many pets does each student have ? list their ids instead of names .
Find the first name and gender of all students who have more than one pet.
What is the first name and gender of the all the students who have more than one pet?
Find the last name of the student who has a cat that is age 3.
What is the last name of the student who has a cat that is 3 years old?
Find the average age of students who do not have any pet .
What is the average age for all students who do not own any pets ?
How many continents are there?
What is the number of continents?
How many countries does each continent have? List the continent id, continent name and the number of countries.
For each continent, list its id, name, and how many countries it has?
How many countries are listed?
How many countries exist?
How many models does each car maker produce? List maker full name, id and the number.
What is the full name of each car maker, along with its id and how many models it produces?
Which model of the car has the minimum horsepower?
What is the model of all cars with the smallest amount of horsepower?
Find the model of the car whose weight is below the average weight.
What is the model id for the car with a weight smaller than the average weight of all cars?
Find the full names of the makers that produced some cars in the year of 1970?
What is the name of the different car makers who produced a car in 1970?
Find the make and production time of the cars that were produced in the earliest year?
Show the full name of the maker of the car produced in the earliest year and the year it was produced.
Which distinct car models are the produced after 1980?
What are the model ids and names of different models for the cars produced after 1980?
How many car makers are there in each continents? List the continent name and the count.
What is the name of each continent and how many car makers are there in each one?
Which countries have the most car makers? List the country names. If there is a tie, show all such countries.
What is the name of the country with the most car makers? If there is a tie, return all of them.
How many car models are produced by each maker ? Only list the count and the maker full name .
What is the number of car models that are produced by each maker and what is the id and full name of each maker?
What is the accelerate of the car make amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How much does the car accelerate that makes amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How many car makers are there in france?
What is the number of makers of care in France?
How many car models are produced in the usa?
What is the count of the car models produced in the country with the full name 'usa'?
What is the average miles per gallon(mpg) of the cars with 4 cylinders?
What is the average miles per gallon of all the cards with 4 cylinders?
What is the smallest weight of the car produced with 8 cylinders on 1974 ?
What is the minimum weight of the car with 8 cylinders produced in 1974 ?
What are all the full names of makers and their models?
What are all the full names of makers and their models?
What are the countries having at least one car maker? List country name and country ID.
What are the names and ids of all countries with at least one car maker?
What is the number of the cars with horsepower more than 150?
What is the number of cars with a horsepower greater than 150?
What is the average weight of cars each year?
What is the average weight of cars for each year?
Which countries in europe have at least 3 car manufacturers?
What are the names of all European countries with at least 3 manufacturers?
What is the maximum horsepower and the make of the car models with 3 cylinders?
What is the largest amount of horsepower for the models with 3 cylinders and what make is it?
Which model saves the most gasoline? That is to say, have the maximum miles per gallon.
What is the car model with the highest mpg ?
What is the average horsepower of the cars before 1980?
What is the average horsepower for all cars produced before 1980 ?
What is the average edispl of the cars with model name volvo?
What is the average edispl for all volvos?
What is the maximum accelerate for different number of cylinders?
What is the maximum accelerate for all the different cylinders?
Which model id has the most different versions(makes) of cars?
What model id appears most in the different versions(makes) of cars?
How many cars have more than 4 cylinders?
What is the number of cars with more than 4 cylinders?
how many cars were produced in 1980?
In 1980, how many cars were made?
How many car models were produced by the maker with full name American Motor Company?
What is the number of car models created by the car maker American Motor Company?
Which makers designed more than 3 car models? List full name and the id.
What are the names and ids of all makers with more than 3 models?
List distinctive models produced by maker with the full name General Motors or distinctive models weighing more than 3500.
What are the different models either created by the car maker General Motors or models that weighed more than 3500?
In which years cars were produced weighing no less than 3000 and no more than 4000 ?
What are the different years in which there were cars produced that weighed less than 4000 and also cars that weighted more than 3000 ?
What is the horsepower of the car with the largest accelerate?
What is the horsepower of the car with the greatest accelerate? If there is a tie, return all of them.
For model volvo, how many cylinders does the car with the least accelerate have?
For a volvo model, how many cylinders does the version with least accelerate have?
How many cars have a larger accelerate than the car with the largest horsepower?
What is the number of cars with a greater accelerate than the one with the most horsepower?
How many countries has more than 2 car makers ?
What is the number of countries with more than 2 car makers ?
How many cars has over 6 cylinders?
What is the number of carsw ith over 6 cylinders?
For the cars with 4 cylinders, which model has the largest horsepower?
For all of the 4 cylinder cars, which model has the most horsepower?
Among the cars with more than lowest horsepower, which ones do not have more than 3 cylinders? List the car makeid and make name.
Among the cars that do not have the minimum horsepower , what are the make ids and names of all those with less than 4 cylinders ?
What is the maximum miles per gallon of the car with 8 cylinders or produced before 1980 ?
What is the maximum mpg of the cars that had 8 cylinders or that were produced before 1980 ?
Which model ids are lighter than 3500 but not built by the maker whose full name is 'Ford Motor Company'?
What are the different models wthat are lighter than 3500 but were not built by the Ford Motor Company?
What are the name of the countries where there is not a single car maker?
What are the names of the countries with no car makers?
Which are the car makers that produce at least 2 models and more than 3 cars? List the id and the maker.
What are the ids and makers of all car makers that produce at least 2 models and make more than 3 cars?
What are the id and names of the countries which have more than 3 car makers or produce the 'fiat' model?
What are the ids and names of all countries that either have more than 3 car makers or produce fiat model ?
Which country does Airline 'JetBlue Airways' belong to?
What country is Jetblue Airways affiliated with?
What is the abbreviation of Airline 'JetBlue Airways'?
Which abbreviation corresponds to Jetblue Airways?
List all unique airline names and their abbreviations in the USA.
What are the airline names and abbreviations for airlines in the USA?
List the airport code and name in the city of Anthony.
Give the airport code and airport name corresonding to the city Anthony.
How many airlines do we have?
What is the total number of airlines?
How many airports do we have?
Return the number of  airports.
How many flights do we have?
Return the number of flights.
Which airline has abbreviation 'UAL'?
Give the airline with abbreviation 'UAL'.
How many airlines are from USA?
Return the number of airlines in the USA.
Which city and country is the Alton airport at?
Give the city and country for the Alton airport.
What is the airport name for airport 'AKO'?
Return the name of the airport with code 'AKO'.
What are the unique airport names at City 'Aberdeen'?
What are the names of airports in Aberdeen?
How many flights depart from 'APG'?
Count the number of flights departing from 'APG'.
How many flights have destination ATO?
Count the number of flights into ATO.
How many flights depart from City Aberdeen?
Return the number of flights departing from Aberdeen.
How many flights arriving in Aberdeen city?
Return the number of flights arriving in Aberdeen.
How many flights depart from City 'Aberdeen' and have destination City 'Ashley'?
How many flights fly from Aberdeen to Ashley?
How many flights does airline 'JetBlue Airways' have?
Give the number of Jetblue Airways flights.
How many 'United Airlines' flights go to Airport 'ASY'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights arriving in ASY Airport.
How many 'United Airlines' flights depart from Airport 'AHD'?
Return the number of United Airlines flights leaving from AHD Airport.
How many United Airlines flights go to City 'Aberdeen'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights that arrive in Aberdeen.
Which city or cities have the highest number of arriving flights?
Which city or cities has/have the most frequent destination airport?
Which city or cities have the most number of departing flights?
Which city is the most frequent source airport? If there is a tie, list all cities tied for most frequent.
What are the codes of all airports that are tied for the highest total number of incoming and outgoing flights?
What are the airport codes of all airports involved in the most number of flights, considering both their incoming and outgoing flights? If there is a tie, return all of them.
Show the code of the airport with the fewest total number of flights combining both incoming and outgoing flights. If there is a tie, include all such airport codes.
Give the code of the airport with the fewest total number of flights, combining both incoming and outgoing flights. If there is a tie, list all such airport codes.
Which airlines (full names) have the most number of flights? If there is a tie, show all such airlines.
What airline (full name) serves the most flights? If there is a tie, show all such airlines.
Find the abbreviation and country of all airlines that have the fewest total number of flights combining both incoming and outgoing flights
Find the abbreviation and country of the airlines that have the fewest number of flights. If there is a tie, show all such airlines.
What are airlines that have some flight departing from airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with source airport AHD?
What are airlines that have flights arriving at airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with destination airport AHD?
Find all airlines that have departing flights from both airports 'APG' and 'CVO'.
List the names of airlines that have flights departing from both APG and CVO airports.
Find all airlines that have flights from airport 'CVO' but not from 'APG'.
Which airlines have departures from CVO but not from APG airports?
Find all airlines that have at least 10 flights.
Which airlines have at least 10 flights?
Find all airlines that have fewer than 200 flights.
Which airlines have fewer than 200 flights?
What are unique flight numbers of Airline 'United Airlines'?
Which flight numbers correspond to United Airlines flights?
What are flight numbers of flights departing from Airport 'APG'?
Give the flight numbers of flights leaving from APG.
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at Airport 'APG'?
Give the flight numbers of flights landing at APG.
What are distinct flight numbers of flights departing from City 'Aberdeen'?
Give the flight numbers of flights leaving from Aberdeen.
What are flight numbers of flights arriving at City 'Aberdeen'?
Give the flight numbers of flights arriving in Aberdeen.
Find the number of flights landing in the city of Aberdeen or Abilene.
How many flights land in Aberdeen or Abilene?
Find the name of airports which do not have any flight in and out.
Which airports do not have departing or arriving flights?
How many employees are there?
Count the number of employees
Sort employee names by their age in ascending order, and in case of a tie, sort by Employee ID.
List the names of employees and sort in ascending order of age, and in case of a tie, sort by name alphabetically.
What is the number of employees from each city?
Count the number of employees for each city.
List the names of cities where more than one employee under the age of 30 come from.
Find the cities that have more than one employee under age 30.
Find the number of shops in each location.
How many shops are there in each location?
Find the manager names and districts of the shops whose number of products is the largest.
What are the manager names and districts of the shops that sell the largest number of products?
find the minimum and maximum number of products of all stores.
What are the minimum and maximum number of products across all the shops?
Return the name, location and district of all shops in descending order of number of products, and in ascending order of Shop ID when the number of products are the same.
Sort all the shops by id in ascending order after sorting by number of products in descending order, and return the name, location, and district of each shop.
Find the names of stores whose number products is more than the average number of products.
Which shops' number products is above the average? Give me the shop names.
Find the name of the employee who was awarded the most times in the evaluation. If there is a tie, return all of the employees.
Which employees received the most awards in evaluations? If there is a tie, return all employee names.
Find the names of the employees who got the highest one time bonus.
Which employees received the biggest bonus? Give me the employee names.
Find the names of employees who never won any award in the evaluation.
What are the names of the employees along with their IDs who never received any evaluation?
What are the names of all shops that are hiring the largest number of employees?
Which shops have the most employees? Give me the shop names.
Find the name of the shops that do not hire any employee.
Which shops run with no employees? Find the shop names
Find the number of employees hired in each shop; show the shop name as well.
For each shop, return the number of employees working there and the name of the shop.
What is total bonus given in all evaluations?
Find the total amount of bonus given in all the evaluations.
Give me all the information about hiring.
What is all the information about hiring?
Which district has both stores with less than 3000 products and stores with more than 10000 products?
Find the districts in which there are both shops selling less than 3000 products and shops selling more than 10000 products.
How many different store locations are there?
Count the number of distinct store locations.
How many documents do we have?
Count the number of documents.
List document IDs, document names, and document descriptions for all documents.
What are the ids, names, and descriptions for all documents?
What is the document name and template id for document with description with the letter 'w' in it?
Return the names and template ids for documents that contain the letter w in their description.
What is the document id, template id and description for document named 'Robbin CV'?
Return the document id, template id, and description for the document with the name Robbin CV.
How many different templates do all document use?
Count the number of different templates used for documents.
How many documents are using the template with type code 'PPT'?
Count the number of documents that use the PPT template type.
Show all template ids and number of documents using each template.
What are all different template ids used for documents, and how many times were each of them used?
What is the id and type code for the template(s) used by the most documents, and if there is a tie, return all tied template(s) ids and type codes?
Return the id and type code of the template(s) that is used for the greatest number of documents. If there is a tie, include all such template ids and type codes.
Show ids for all templates that are used by more than one document.
What are the template ids of any templates used in more than a single document?
Show ids for all templates not used by any document.
What are the ids for templates that are not used in any documents?
How many templates do we have?
Count the number of templates.
Show template ids, version numbers, and template type codes for all templates.
What are the ids, version numbers, and type codes for each template?
Show all distinct template type codes for all templates.
What are the different template type codes?
What are the ids of templates with template type code PP or PPT?
Return the ids of templates that have the code PP or PPT.
How many templates have template type code CV?
Count the number of templates of the type CV.
What is the version number and template type code for the template with version number later than 5?
Return the version numbers and template type codes of templates with a version number greater than 5.
Show all template type codes and number of templates for each.
What are the different template type codes, and how many templates correspond to each?
Which template type code or type codes have the most number of templates, and if there is a tie, return all tied template type codes?
Return the type code or type codes of the template type(s) that the most templates belong to.
Show all template type codes with less than three templates.
What are the codes of template types that have fewer than 3 templates?
What are the smallest version numbers and their corresponding template type code(s)?
Return the lowest version numbers, along with the corresponding template type codes.
What is the template type code of the template used by document with the name 'Data base'?
Return the template type code or type codes of the template(s) that is used by a document named Data base.
Show all document names using templates with template type code BK.
What are the names of documents that use templates with the code BK?
Show all template type codes and the number of documents using each type.
What are the different template type codes, and how many documents use each type?
Which template type code or template type codes are used by the most number of documents? In case of a tie, list all such template type codes.
Return the code of the template type that is most commonly used in documents, and if there is a tie, return all tied template type codes.
Show all template type codes that are not used by any document.
What are the codes of template types that are not used for any document?
Show all template type codes and descriptions.
What are the type codes and descriptions for all template types?
What is the template type descriptions for template type code 'AD'.
Return the template type description of the template type with the code AD.
What is the template type code for template type description 'Book'.
Return the type code of the template type with the description 'Book'.
What are the distinct template type descriptions for the templates ever used by any document?
Return the different descriptions for templates that have been used in a document.
What are the template ids with template type description 'Presentation'.
Return the ids corresponding to templates with the description 'Presentation'.
How many paragraphs in total?
Count the number of paragraphs.
How many paragraphs for the document with name 'Summer Show'?
Count the number of paragraphs in the document named 'Summer Show'.
Show paragraph details for paragraph with text 'Korea ' .
What are the complete details for the paragraph that includes the text 'Korea'?
Show all paragraph ids and texts for the document with name 'Welcome to NY'.
What are the ids and texts of paragraphs in the document titled 'Welcome to NY'?
Show all paragraph texts for the document 'Customer reviews'.
What are the paragraph texts for the document with the name 'Customer reviews'?
Show all document ids and the number of paragraphs in each document. Order by document id.
Return the different document ids along with the number of paragraphs corresponding to each, ordered by id.
Show all document ids, names and the number of paragraphs in each document.
What are the ids and names of each document, as well as the number of paragraphs in each?
List all document ids with at least two paragraphs.
What are the ids of documents that have 2 or more paragraphs?
What is the document id and name with the greatest number of paragraphs? If there is a tie, return all of them.
Return the id and name of the document with the most paragraphs. If there is a tie, return all of them.
What is the document id with the least number of paragraphs? If there is a tie, return all of them.
Return the id(s) of the document(s) with the fewest paragraphs.
What is the document id with 1 to 2 paragraphs? If there are multiple documents, return all of them.
Give the ids of documents that have between one and two paragraphs.
Show the document id with paragraph text 'Brazil' and 'Ireland'.
What are the ids of documents that contain at least one paragraph with the text 'Brazil' and at least one paragraph with the text 'Ireland'?
How many teachers are there?
What is the total count of teachers?
List the names of teachers in ascending order of age and then ascending id if ages are the same.
What are the names of the teachers ordered by ascending age and then ascending id if ages are the same?
What are the age and hometown of teachers?
What is the age and hometown of every teacher?
List the name of teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' .
What are the distinct names of the teachers whose hometown is not Little Lever Urban District?
Show the name of teachers aged either 32 or 33?
What are the names of the teachers who are aged either 32 or 33?
Show the hometown(s) of the youngest teacher(s).
Where is the hometown of each teacher with the lowest age?
Show different hometown of teachers and the number of teachers from each hometown.
For each hometown, how many teachers are there?
List all hometowns of teachers that have the highest frequency.
What are the hometowns with the highest frequency among all teachers?
Show the hometowns shared by at least two teachers.
What are the towns from which at least two teachers come from?
Show names of teachers and the courses they are arranged to teach.
What is the name of each teacher and what course they teach?
Show names of teachers and the courses they are arranged to teach in ascending alphabetical order of the teacher's name. If the names are the same, sort by course name in ascending order.
What are the names of the teachers and the courses they teach in ascending alphabetical order by the name of the teacher and then by the course name?
Show the name of the teacher for the math course.
What are the names of the people who teach math courses?
Show names of teachers and the number of courses they teach.
What are the names of the teachers and how many courses do they teach?
Show names of teachers that teach at least two courses.
What are the names of the teachers who teach at least two courses?
List the names of teachers who have not been arranged to teach courses.
Show the names of the teachers who have no courses arranged.
How many visitors below age 30 are there?
Find the names of the visitors whose membership level is higher than 4, and order the results by the level from high to low.
What is the average age of the visitors whose membership level is not higher than 4?
Find the name and membership level of the visitors whose membership level is higher than 4, and sort by their age from old to young.
Show the id and name of all museums that have the most staff members.
Find the average number of staff working for the museums that were open before 2009.
What are the opening year and staff number of the museum named Plaza Museum?
find the names of museums which have more staff than the minimum staff number of all museums opened after 2010.
find the id, name and age for visitors who visited some museums more than once.
What are the id, name and membership level of visitors who have spent the largest amount of money in total in all museum tickets?
What are the id and name of all museums visited the most times?
Show the names of museums that have no visitor yet.
Show the name and age of all visitors who bought the most tickets at once.
What are the average and maximum number of tickets bought in all visits?
What is the total ticket expense of the visitors whose membership level is 1?
What is the name of the visitor who visited both a museum opened before 2009 and a museum opened after 2011?
Find the number of visitors who did not visit any museum opened after 2010.
How many museums were opened after 2013 or before 2008?
Find the total number of players.
How many players are there?
Find the total number of matches.
Count the number of matches.
List the first name and birth date of all players from the country with code USA.
What are the first names and birth dates of players from the USA?
Find the average age of losers and the average age of winners of all matches.
What are the average ages of losers and winners across matches?
Find the average rank of winners in all matches.
What is the average rank for winners in all matches?
Find the highest rank of losers in all matches.
What is the best rank of losers across all matches?
find the number of distinct country codes of all players.
How many distinct countries do players come from?
Find the number of distinct names of losers registered in matches.
How many different loser names are there?
Find the name of tourney that has more than 10 matches.
What are the names of tournaments that have more than 10 matches?
List the names of all winners who played in both 2013 and 2016.
What are the first name and last name of players who won in both 2013 and 2016?
List the number of all matches who played in years of 2013 or 2016.
How many matches were played in 2013 or 2016?
What are the country code and first name of the players who won in both tourney WTA Championships and Australian Open?
What are the first names and country codes for players who won both the WTA Championships and the Australian Open?
Find the first name and country code of each oldest player.
List the first names and country codes of all oldest players.
List the first and last name of all players ordered by birth date, and in case of a tie, sort by last name alphabetically and then by player id ascending.
What are the full names of all players, sorted by birth date and then ascending player id if birth dates are the same?
List the first and last name of all players who are left / L hand in the order of birth date.
What are the full names of all left handed players, in order of birth date?
Find the first name and country code of each player who did the most number of tours.
Show the first name and country code of each player with the most tours.
Find the year that has the most number of matches. If there is a tie, return the earliest year.
Which year had the most matches? If there is a tie, return the earliest year.
Find the first name, last name and summation of winner rank points of all players who won the most times.
What is the winner's full name (first name and last name) of the player who has won the most matches, and how many total winner rank points does this player have?
Find the first name and last name of the winner who has the highest winner rank points and participated in the Australian Open tourney.
What is the first name and last name of the winner with the most winner rank points who participated in the Australian Open tournament?
find the names of loser and winner who played in the match with the greatest number of minutes. If there is a tie, return all of them.
What are the winner name and loser name of the players who played in the longest match?
Find the average ranking for each player, including the player's first name and player ID.
What are the first names of all players, their player ID, and their average rankings, assigning zero points if ranking is not available?
Find the total ranking points for each player, including their first name and player ID.
What are the first names of all players and their total ranking points, assigning zero points if ranking is not available?
find the number of players for each country.
How many players are from each country?
Find the code of the country that has the greatest number of players. If there is a tie, include all such country codes.
List all country codes of countries with the most players.
Find the codes of countries that have more than 50 players.
What are the codes of countries with more than 50 players?
Find the total number of tours for each ranking date.
How many total tours were there for each ranking date?
Find the number of matches happened in each year.
How many matches were played in each year?
Find the winner name and winner rank of each of the 3 youngest winners across all matches.
What are the names and ranks of the three youngest winners across all matches?
How many different winners both participated in the WTA Championships and were left handed?
Find the number of left handed winners who participated in the WTA Championships.
Find the first name, country code and birth date of the winner who has the highest rank points in all matches.
What is the first name, country code, and birth date of the player with the most winner rank points across all matches?
Find the number of players for each hand type.
How many players are there for each hand type?
How many ships ended up being 'Captured'?
List the name and tonnage ordered by name in descending alphabetical order and tonnage in ascending order.
List the name, date and result of each battle.
What is maximum and minimum death toll caused each time?
What is the average number of injuries caused each time?
What are the death and injury situations caused by the ship with tonnage 't'?
What are the name and results of the battles when the bulgarian commander is not 'Boril'
What are the different ids and names of the battles that lost any 'Brig' type shipes?
What are the ids and names of the battles that led to more than 10 people killed in total.
What is the ship id and name that caused the highest number of total injuries? If there is a tie, list all ships.
What are the distinct battle names which are between bulgarian commander 'Kaloyan' and latin commander 'Baldwin I'?
How many different results are there for the battles?
How many battles did not lose any ship with tonnage '225'?
List the name and date of the battle or battles that have lost the ship named 'Lettice' and the ship named 'HMS Atalanta'.
Show names, results and bulgarian commanders of the battles with no ships lost in the 'English Channel'.
What are the notes of the death events which has substring 'East'?
what are all the addresses including line 1 and line 2?
What is the first and second line for all addresses?
How many courses in total are listed?
How many courses are there?
How is the math course described?
What are the descriptions for all the math courses?
What is the zip code of the address in the city Port Chelsea?
What is the zip code for Port Chelsea?
List the department names and ids of all departments that offer the most number of degrees.
What is the name and id of the department with the most number of degrees? If there is a tie, return all of them.
How many departments offer any degree?
How many different departments offer degrees?
How many different degree names are offered?
How many different degrees are offered?
How many degrees does the engineering department offer?
How many degrees does the engineering department have?
What are the names and descriptions of all the sections?
What are the names and descriptions for all the sections?
What are the names and id of courses having at most 2 sections?
What are the names and ids of every course with less than 2 sections?
List the section_name in reversed lexicographical order.
What are the names of the sections in reverse alphabetical order?
What are the semesters with the most student registrations? Show both the name and the id.
What are the names and ids of the semesters with the most student registrations? In the case of a tie, return all semesters.
What is the description of the department whose name has the substring the computer?
What is the department description for the one whose name has the word computer?
Who are enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester? List the first name, middle name and last name and the id.
What are the first, middle, and last names, along with the ids, of all students who enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester?
Who is enrolled in a Bachelor degree program? List the first name, middle name, last name.
What are the first, middle, and last names for everybody enrolled in a degree program with the degree summary name 'Bachelors'?
Show the kinds of programs with the most number of students enrolled.
What are the degree summary names that have the most number of students enrolled?
Find the programs with the most student enrollments. List both the id and the summary.
What are the program ids and summaries of all degrees with the most students enrolled?
List the ids, first names, middle names, last names, and the numbers of enrollments of all students who have enrolled the most times in any program.
What is the first, middle, and last name, along with the id and number of enrollments, for the student who enrolled the most in any program?
Which semesters do not have any student enrolled? List the semester name.
What is the name of the semester with no students enrolled?
What are all the unique course names of the courses which ever have students enrolled in?
What are the names of all courses that have some students enrolled?
Show the names of all courses with the most number of enrollments.
Show the names of all courses with the most students enrolled.
Find the last name of the students who currently live in the state of North Carolina but have not registered in any degree program.
What are the last names of the students who live in North Carolina (considering current address) but have never registered in any degree programs?
Show the date and id of the transcript with at least 2 course results.
What is the date and id of the transcript with at least 2 courses listed?
What is the phone number of the man with the first name Timmothy and the last name Ward?
What is the mobile phone number of the student named Timmothy Ward ?
Who is the first student to register? List the first name, middle name and last name, prioritizing the lowest student id in case of a tie.
What is the first, middle, and last name of the first student to register, prioritizing the lowest student ID in case of a tie?
Who is the earliest graduate of the school considering the earliest date left, with tie-breaker as the lowest student id? List the first name, middle name and last name.
What is the first, middle, and last name of the earliest school graduate, prioritizing the lowest student ID in case of a tie?
Whose permanent address is different from his or her current address? List his or her first name.
What is the first name of the student whose permanent address is different from his or her current one?
Which address holds the most number of students currently? List the address id and all lines.
What is the id, line 1, and line 2 of the address (considering both current and permanent) that has the highest number of associated students, with tie-breaker as the smallest address id?
What is the average year when the transcripts were printed?
What is the average transcript date?
When is the first transcript released? List the date and details.
What is the earliest date of a transcript release, and what details are associated with all transcripts on that date?
How many transcripts are released?
How many transcripts are listed?
What is the last transcript release date?
When was the last transcript released?
How many times can course enrollments show in different transcripts at most? Also, show all course enrollment ids that match this maximum count.
What are the courses with the maximum number of appearances in different transcripts and what are their enrollment ids?
Show the date of the transcript with the fewest student courses linked to it, also list the transcript ID. In case of ties, return the transcript with the smallest ID.
What is the date and id of the transcript with the least number of results?
Find the semester name when both Master students and Bachelor students got enrolled in.
What is the id of the semester that had both Masters and Bachelors students enrolled?
How many different addresses do the students currently live?
What are the different addresses (considering both current and permanent) that have students living there?
List all the student details in reversed lexicographical order.
What other details can you tell me about students in reverse alphabetical order?
Show the section description of section H
What is the description for the section named h?
Find the first name of the students who permanently live in the country Haiti or have the cell phone number 09700166582 .
What are the first names of the students who live in Haiti permanently or have the cell phone number 09700166582 ?
List the title of all cartoons in alphabetical order.
What are the titles of the cartoons sorted alphabetically?
List all cartoon directed by 'Ben Jones'.
What are the names of all cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
How many cartoons were written by 'Joseph Kuhr'?
What is the number of cartoones written by Joseph Kuhr?
list all cartoon titles and their directors ordered first by their air date and then by their ids
What is the name and directors of all the cartoons that are ordered by air date and then ascending id if air dates are the same?
List the title of all cartoon directed by 'Ben Jones' or 'Brandon Vietti'.
What are the titles of all cartoons directed by Ben Jones or Brandon Vietti?
Which country has the most of TV Channels? List the country and number of TV Channels it has.
What is the country with the most number of TV Channels and how many does it have?
List the number of different series names and the number of different contents in the TV Channel table.
How many unique series names and unique content types are listed in the TV Channel table?
What is the content of TV Channel with serial name 'Sky Radio'?
What is the content of the series Sky Radio?
What is the Package Option of TV Channel with serial name 'Sky Radio'?
What are the Package Options of the TV Channels whose series names are Sky Radio?
How many TV Channel using language English?
How many TV Channels use the English language?
List the language(s) used by the least number of TV Channel. List language and number of TV Channel.
What are the languages used by the least number of TV Channels and how many channels use it? In case of a tie, list all such languages.
List each language and the number of TV Channels using it.
For each language, list the number of TV Channels that use it.
What is the TV Channel that shows the cartoon 'The Rise of the Blue Beetle!'? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the series name of the TV Channel that shows the cartoon 'The Rise of the Blue Beetle'?
List the title of all  Cartoons showed on TV Channel with series name 'Sky Radio'.
What is the title of all the cartools that are on the TV Channel with the series name 'Sky Radio'?
List the Episode of all TV series sorted by rating and id in ascending order.
What are all of the episodes ordered by ratings and then ascending id if ratings are the same?
List top 3 highest Rating TV series (sorted alphabetically by Episode title in case of ties). List the TV series's Episode and Rating.
What are 3 most highly rated episodes in the TV series table and what were those ratings?
What is minimum and maximum share of TV series?
What is the maximum and minimum share for the TV series?
What is the air date of TV series with Episode 'A Love of a Lifetime'?
When did the episode 'A Love of a Lifetime' air?
What is Weekly Rank of TV series with Episode 'A Love of a Lifetime'?
What is the weekly rank for the episode 'A Love of a Lifetime'?
What is the TV Channel of TV series with Episode 'A Love of a Lifetime'? List the TV Channel's series name.
What is the name of the series that has the episode 'A Love of a Lifetime'?
List the Episode of all  TV series showed on TV Channel with series name 'Sky Radio'.
What is the episode for the TV series named 'Sky Radio'?
Find the number of cartoons directed by each of the listed directors.
How many cartoons did each director create?
Find the production code and channel of all cartoons aired on the most recent date.
What is the produdction code and channel of the most recent cartoon ?
Find the package choice and series name of the TV channel that has high definition TV.
What are the package options and the name of the series for the TV Channel that supports high definition TV?
which countries' tv channels are playing some cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that have cartoons on TV that were written by Todd Casey?
which countries' tv channels are not playing any cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that are not playing cartoons written by Todd Casey?
Find the series name and country of the tv channel that is playing some cartoons directed by Ben Jones and Michael Chang?
What is the series name and country of all TV channels that are playing cartoons directed by Ben Jones and cartoons directed by Michael Chang?
find the pixel aspect ratio and nation of the tv channels that do not use English.
What is the pixel aspect ratio and country of origin for all TV channels that do not use English?
find id of the tv channels that are from the countries where there are more than two tv channels in total.
What are the ids of all the TV channels in a country that includes more than two TV channels?
find the id of tv channels that do not play any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
What are the ids of the TV channels that do not have any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
find the package option of the tv channel that do not have any cartoon directed by Ben Jones.
What are the package options of all tv channels that are not playing any cartoons directed by Ben Jones?
How many poker players are there?
Count the number of poker players.
List the earnings of poker players in descending order.
What are the earnings of poker players, ordered descending by value, and in case of a tie, sort by player id in ascending order?
List the final tables made and the best finishes of poker players.
What are the final tables made and best finishes for all poker players?
What is the average earnings of poker players?
Return the average earnings across all poker players.
What is the money rank of all poker players with the highest earnings?
Return the money rank(s) of the player(s) with the greatest earnings.
What is the maximum number of final tables made among poker players with earnings less than 200000?
Return the maximum final tables made across all poker players who have earnings below 200000.
What are the names of poker players?
Return the names of all the poker players.
What are the names of poker players whose earnings is higher than 300000?
Give the names of poker players who have earnings above 300000.
List the names of poker players ordered by the final tables made in ascending order, and in case of a tie, sort by earnings in descending order and then ascending order of poker player id.
What are the names of poker players, ordered ascending by the number of final tables they have made, and in case of a tie, sort by ascending name and then by ascending Poker Player ID?
Return the birth date of all poker players with the lowest earnings.
Return the birth date of all poker players with the lowest earnings.
What is the money rank of all tallest poker players?
Return the money rank(s) of the poker player(s) with the greatest height.
What is the average earnings of poker players with height higher than 200?
Give average earnings of poker players who are taller than 200.
What are the names of poker players in descending order of earnings, and in case of a tie, sort by name alphabetically?
Return the names of poker players sorted by their earnings descending, and in case of a tie, sort alphabetically by name and then by Poker Player ID in ascending order.
What are different nationalities of people and the corresponding number of people from each nation?
How many people are there of each nationality?
What are the nationalities with the highest frequency among all people?
Give the nationality that is most common across all people. In case of a tie, list all such nationalities.
What are the nationalities that are shared by at least two people?
Return the nationalities for which there are two or more people.
List the names and birth dates of people in ascending alphabetical order of name and ascending order of People_ID if names are the same.
What are the names and birth dates of people, ordered by their names in alphabetical order, and in case of a tie, sort by their people id in ascending order?
Show names of people whose nationality is not 'Russia'.
What are the names of people who are not from Russia?
List the names of people that are not poker players.
What are the names of people who do not play poker?
How many distinct nationalities are there?
Count the number of different nationalities.
How many states are there?
List the contestant numbers and names, ordered by contestant name descending.
List the vote ids, phone numbers and states of all votes.
What are the maximum and minimum values of area codes?
What is last date created of votes from the state 'CA'?
What are the names of the contestants whose names are not 'Jessie Alloway'
What are the distinct states and create time of all votes?
What are the contestant numbers and names of the contestants who had at least two votes?
Of all the contestants who got voted, what is the contestant number and name of the contestant who got least votes? If there is a tie, return all of them.
What are the number of votes from state 'NY' or 'CA'?
How many contestants did not get voted?
What are the area codes associated with all states that are tied for the most votes?
What are the create dates, states, and phone numbers of the votes that were for the contestant named 'Tabatha Gehling'?
List the area codes in which voters voted both for the contestant 'Tabatha Gehling' and the contestant 'Kelly Clauss'.
Return the names of the contestants whose names contain the substring 'Al' .
What are the names of all the countries that became independent after 1950?
Give the names of the nations that were founded after 1950.
How many countries have a republic as their form of government?
How many countries have governments that are republics?
What is the total surface area of the countries in the Caribbean region?
How much surface area do the countires in the Carribean cover together?
Which continent is Anguilla in?
What is the continent name which Anguilla belongs to?
Which region is the city Kabul located in?
What region is Kabul in?
List the languages that are most popular in Aruba, including any ties.
What language is predominantly spoken in Aruba?
What are the population and life expectancies in Brazil?
Give me Brazil’s population and life expectancies.
What are the region and population of Angola?
What region does Angola belong to and what is its population?
What is the average expected life expectancy for countries in the region of Central Africa?
How long is the people’s average life expectancy in Central Africa?
Show the name of each country that has the shortest life expectancy in Asia.
Give the name of the country in Asia with the lowest life expectancy.
What is the total population and maximum GNP in Asia?
How many people live in countries in Asia, and what is the largest GNP among these countries?
What is the average life expectancy in African countries that are republics?
Give the average life expectancy for countries in Africa which are republics?
What is the total surface area of the continents Asia and Europe?
Give the total surface area covered by countries in Asia or Europe.
How many people live in Gelderland district?
What is the total population of Gelderland district?
What is the average GNP and total population in all nations whose government is US territory?
Give the mean GNP and total population of nations which are considered US territory.
How many unique languages are spoken in the world?
What is the number of distinct languages used around the world?
How many type of governments are in Africa?
How many different forms of governments are there in Africa?
What is the total number of languages used in Aruba?
How many languages are spoken in Aruba?
How many official languages does Afghanistan have?
How many official languages are spoken in Afghanistan?
What is name of the country that speaks the largest number of languages?
List all names of nations that use the greatest amount of languages, including any ties.
Which continent has the most diverse languages? If there is a tie, show all such continents.
Which continent speaks the most languages? If there is a tie, list all tied continents.
How many countries speak both English and Dutch?
What is the number of nations that use English and Dutch?
What are the names of nations speak both English and French?
Give the names of nations that speak both English and French.
What are the names of nations where both English and French are official languages?
Give the names of countries with English and French as official languages.
What is the number of distinct continents where Chinese is spoken?
How many continents speak Chinese?
What are the regions that use English or Dutch?
Which regions speak Dutch or English?
What are the countries where either English or Dutch is the official language ?
Which countries have either English or Dutch as an official language?
List all languages that are the most popular on the Asian continent, including any ties.
List all languages that are used by the largest number of Asian nations, including any ties.
Which languages are spoken by only one country in republic governments?
What languages are only used by a single country with a republic government?
Find the name and population of the city with the largest population that uses English.
Show the name and population of the most populace city that speaks English
Find the name, population and expected life length for all Asian countries with the largest area.
What are the name, population, and life expectancy of all Asian countries with the largest land area?
What is average life expectancy in the countries where English is not the official language?
Give the mean life expectancy of countries in which English is not the official language.
What is the total number of people living in the nations that do not use English?
How many people live in countries that do not speak English?
What is the official language spoken in the country whose head of state is Beatrix?
What is the official language used in the country the name of whose head of state is Beatrix.
What is the total number of unique official languages spoken in the countries that are founded before 1930?
For the countries founded before 1930, what is the total number of distinct official languages?
What are the countries that have greater surface area than any country in Europe?
List the names of countries that have a greater surface area than the largest surface area of any country in Europe.
What are the African countries that have a  population less than any country in Asia?
Which African countries have a smaller population than that of any country in Asia?
Which Asian countries have a population that is larger than any country in Africa?
List the names of Asian countries which have a population larger than that of each individual country in Africa.
What are the country codes for countries that do not speak English?
Return the country codes for countries that do not speak English.
What are the country codes of countries where people use languages other than English?
Give the country codes for countries in which people speak langauges that are not English.
What are the codes of the countries that do not speak English and whose government forms are not Republic?
Return the codes of countries that do not speak English and do not have Republics for governments.
Which cities are in European countries where English is not the official language?
What are the names of cities in Europe for which English is not the official language?
List the names and populations of unique cities in Asian countries where Chinese is the official language.
Return the different names of cities that are in Asia and for which Chinese is the official language.
What are the name, independence year, and surface area of all countries with the smallest population?
Give the name, year of independence, and surface area for all countries that have the lowest population.
What are the population, name and leader of all countries with the largest area?
Give the name, population, and head of state for all countries that have the largest area.
Return the country name and the numbers of languages spoken for each country that speaks at least 3 languages.
What are the names of countries that speak more than 2 languages, as well as how many languages they speak?
Find the number of cities in each district whose population is greater than the average population of cities?
How many cities in each district have a population that is above the average population across all cities?
Find the government form name and total population for each government form whose average life expectancy is longer than 72.
What are the different government forms and what is the total population of each for government forms that have an average life expectancy greater than 72?
Find the average life expectancy and total population for each continent where the average life expectancy is shorter than 72?
What are the different continents and the total popuation and average life expectancy corresponding to each, for continents that have an average life expectancy less than 72?
What are the names and areas of countries with the top 5 largest area (sorted by name alphabetically and then by ascending country code if tie)?
Return the names and surface areas of the 5 largest countries sorted by descending surface area and population, and then by ascending country code.
What are names of countries with the top 3 largest population (sorted by name alphabetically and then by ascending country code if tie)?
Return the names of the 3 most populated countries, sorted by name alphabetically and then by ascending country code if tie.
What are the names of the nations with the 3 lowest populations, in alphabetical order of name and then ascending order of country code if populations are tied.
Return the names of the 3 countries with the fewest people, in alphabetical order of name and then ascending order of country code if populations are tied.
how many countries are in Asia?
Count the number of countries in Asia.
What are the names of the countries that are in the continent of Europe and have a population of 80000?
Give the names of countries that are in Europe and have a population equal to 80000.
What is the total population and average area of countries in the continent of North America whose area is bigger than 3000 ?
Give the total population and average surface area corresponding to countries in North America that have a surface area greater than 3000 .
What are the cities whose population is between 160000 and 900000?
Return the names of cities that have a population between 160000 and 900000 .
List all languages that are spoken in the highest number of countries, including any ties.
List all languages that are spoken in the highest number of countries, including any ties.
Show the language spoken by the largest percentage of people in each country, including ties, and the corresponding country code and name.
What are the country codes of the different countries, and what are the languages spoken by the greatest percentage of people for each?
What is the total number of countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people? If there is a tie in percentage between languages, consider all these languages the largest.
Count the number of countries for which Spanish is the predominantly spoken language.
List the codes of all countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people, including any ties.
Return the codes of countries for which Spanish is the predominantly spoken language.
How many conductors are there?
Count the number of conductors.
List the names of conductors in ascending order of age, and then by their Conductor ID.
What are the names of conductors, ordered by age and then by Conductor ID?
What are the names of conductors whose nationalities are not 'USA'?
Return the names of conductors that do not have the nationality 'USA'.
What are the record companies of orchestras, sorted first descending by the years in which they were founded, and then by their IDs?
Return the record companies of orchestras, sorted first descending by the years in which they were founded, and then by their IDs.
What is the average attendance of shows?
Return the average attendance across all shows.
What are the maximum and minimum share of performances whose type is not 'Live final'.
Return the maximum and minimum shares for performances that do not have the type 'Live final'.
How many different nationalities do conductors have?
Count the number of different nationalities of conductors.
List names of conductors in descending order of years of work, then by conductor id in ascending order.
What are the names of conductors, sorted descending by the number of years they have worked, and in case of a tie, sort by conductor id?
List the names of all conductors with the most years of work.
What is the name of the conductor who has worked the greatest number of years? If there is a tie, return all of them.
Show the names of conductors and the orchestras they have conducted.
What are the names of conductors as well as the corresonding orchestras that they have conducted?
Show the names of conductors that have conducted more than one orchestras.
What are the names of conductors who have conducted at more than one orchestra?
Show the names of all conductors who have conducted the highest equal number of orchestras.
What are the names of all conductors who have conducted the highest equal number of orchestras?
Please show the name of the conductor that has conducted orchestras founded after 2008.
What are the names of conductors who have conducted orchestras founded after the year 2008?
Please show the different record companies and the corresponding number of orchestras.
How many orchestras does each record company manage?
Please show the record formats of orchestras in ascending order of count, and in ascending order of record format when counts are the same.
What are the major record formats of orchestras, sorted by their frequency, then by the name of the record format alphabetically, and then by orchestra id?
List the record companies shared by the most number of orchestras, including all those that tie for the highest number.
What is the record company used by the greatest number of orchestras?
List the names of orchestras that have no performance.
What are the orchestras that do not have any performances?
Show the record companies common to orchestras founded before 2003 and those founded after 2003.
What are the record companies that are used by both orchestras founded before 2003 and those founded after 2003?
Find the number of orchestras whose record format is 'CD' or 'DVD'.
Count the number of orchestras that have CD or DVD as their record format.
Show the years in which orchestras that have given more than one performance are founded.
What are years of founding for orchestras that have had more than a single performance?
How many high schoolers are there?
Count the number of high schoolers.
Show the names and grades of each high schooler.
What are the names and grades for each high schooler?
Show each unique grade of the high schoolers.
What is the grade of each high schooler?
What grades are the high schoolers named Kyle in?
Return the grades that high schoolers named Kyle are in.
Show the names of all high schoolers in grade 10.
What are the names of all high schoolers in grade 10?
Show all IDs of high schoolers named Kyle.
What are the IDs of all high schoolers named Kyle?
How many high schoolers are there in grade 9 or 10?
Count the number of high schoolers in grades 9 or 10.
Show the number of high schoolers for each grade.
How many high schoolers are in each grade?
Which grade has the most high schoolers? If there is a tie, show all such grades.
Return the grade(s) that have the greatest number of high schoolers.
Show me all grades that have at least 4 students.
Which grades have 4 or more high schoolers?
Show the student IDs along with the total number of friends they have participated in, specifying both friends initiated and received for each.
How many friends does each student have, considering all the friendships they have initiated or received?
Show the names of high school students and the number of friends they have initiated friendships with.
What are the names of the high schoolers and the number of friends they have initiated friendships with?
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of friends, considering both initiated and received friendships?
Return the names of all high school students with the most friends.
Show the names of high schoolers who have at least 3 friends, specifying both the friendships initiated or received by the student.
What are the names of high schoolers who have initiated or received 3 or more friendships?
Show the names of all friends of each high schooler named Kyle. List each student id and the friends names.
Return the names of friends of each high school students named Kyle. List each student id and the friends names.
How many friends does each high school student named Kyle have? List the student id and the number of friends.
Count the total number of friends that each high schooler named Kyle has. List the student id and the number of friends.
Show ids of all students who do not have any friends.
What are the ids of high school students who do not have friends?
Show the names of high school students who do not have any friends. Having mo friends means no friendships initiated or received.
What are the names of students who have not initiated or received any friendships?
Show the ids of high schoolers who have friends they have initiated friendships with and are also liked by someone else.
What are the ids of students who have initiated friendships and are liked by others?
Show names of all students who have initiated some friendships and also have been liked by someone else.
What are the names of high schoolers who both have friends and are liked?
Count the total number of likes for each student id, including both likes given and received.
Count the total number of likes given and received by each student id.
Show the names of high schoolers along with the total number of likes they have participated in, specifying both likes given and received for each.
Show the names of high schoolers along with the total number of likes they have participated in, specifying both likes given and received for each.
What is the name of the high schooler who has received the greatest number of likes? If there is a tie, return all.
Give the name of the student who received the most likes. If there is a tie, return all.
Show the names of students who have received at least 2 likes.
What are the names of students who have received 2 or more likes?
Show the names of students who have a grade higher than 5 and have at least 2 friends they have initiated friendships with or have received friendships from.
What are the names of high schoolers who have a grade of over 5 and have 2 or more friendships as either initiators or recipients?
How many likes has each high schooler named Kyle received? List the student id and the number of likes.
Return the total number of likes received by each high schooler named Kyle. List the student id and the number of likes.
Find the average grade of all students who have either initiated or received friendships.
What is the average grade of all students who have initiated or received friendships?
Find the minimum grade of students who have no friends.
What is the lowest grade of students who do not have any initiated or received friendships?
Which states have both owners and professionals living there?
Find the states where both owners and professionals live.
What is the average age of the dogs who have gone through any treatments?
Find the average age of the dogs who went through treatments.
Which professionals live in the state of Indiana or have done treatment on more than 2 treatments? List his or her id, last name and cell phone.
Find the id, last name and cell phone of the professionals who live in the state of Indiana or have performed more than two treatments.
Which dogs have not cost their owner more than 1000 for treatment ? List the dog names .
What are the names of the dogs for which the owner has not spend more than 1000 for treatment ?
Which first names are used for professionals or owners but are not used as dog names?
Find the first names that are used for professionals or owners but are not used as dog names.
Which professional did not operate any treatment on dogs? List the professional's id, role and email.
Give me the id, role and email of the professionals who did not perform any treatment on dogs.
Which owner owns the most dogs? If there is a tie, list all owners with the maximum number of dogs. List the owner id, first name, and last name.
Return the owner id, first name and last name of the owner who has the most dogs. If there is a tie, list all owners with the maximum number of dogs.
Which professionals have done at least two treatments? List the professional's id, role, and first name.
What are the id, role, and first name of the professionals who have performed two or more treatments?
What is the name of the breed with the most dogs? If there is a tie, list all tied breeds.
Which breed do the most dogs have? If there is a tie, list all tied breeds. Give me the breed name.
Which owner has the highest number of treatments for his or her dogs? List the owner ID and last name. If there is a tie, list all owners with the highest number of treatments.
Tell me the owner id and last name of the owner who spent the most on treatments for his or her dogs. If there is a tie, list all the owners who spent the most.
What is the description of all treatment types that cost the least money in total?
Give me the description of the treatment types whose total cost is the lowest.
Which owners have paid the largest amount of money in total for their dogs? Show the owner id and zip code.
Find the owner id and zip code of all owners who spent the most money in total for their dogs.
Which professionals have done at least two types of treatments? List the professional id and cell phone.
Find the id and cell phone of the professionals who operate two or more types of treatments.
What are the first name and last name of the professionals who have done treatment with cost below average?
Which professionals have operated a treatment that costs less than the average cost of all treatments? Give me their first names and last names.
List the date of each treatment, together with the first name of the professional who operated it.
What are the date and the operating professional's first name of each treatment?
List the cost of each treatment and the corresponding treatment type description.
What are the cost and treatment type description of each treatment?
List each owner's first name, last name, and the size of his or her dog. If an owner has multiple dogs of different sizes, list all sizes.
What are each owner's first name, last name, and the size of their dog? If an owner has multiple dogs, include all sizes.
List pairs of the owner's first name and the dogs's name.
What are each owner's first name and their dogs's name?
List the names of the dogs of the rarest breed and the treatment dates of them. If there is a tie on rarest breeds, include all dogs of the rarest breeds .
Which dogs are of the rarest breed? Show their names and treatment dates. If there is a tie on rarest breeds, show all such dogs of the rarest breeds.
Which dogs are owned by someone who lives in Virginia? List the owner's first name and the dog's name.
Find the first names of owners living in Virginia and the names of dogs they own.
What are the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs who have gone through a treatment?
Find the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs that received a treatment.
List the last name(s) of the owner(s) owning the youngest dog(s).
Who owns the youngest dog? Give me his or her last name. If there is a tie, give me the last names of all owners with the youngest dog.
List the emails of the professionals who live in the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin.
What are the emails of the professionals living in either the state of Hawaii or the state of Wisconsin?
What are the arriving date and the departing date of all the dogs?
List the arrival date and the departure date for all the dogs.
How many dogs went through any treatments?
Count the number of dogs that went through a treatment.
How many professionals have performed any treatment to dogs?
Find the number of professionals who have ever treated dogs.
Which professionals live in a city containing the substring 'West'? List his or her role, street, city and state.
Find the role, street, city and state of the professionals living in a city that contains the substring 'West'.
Which owners live in the state whose name contains the substring 'North'? List his first name, last name and email.
Return the first name, last name and email of the owners living in a state whose name contains the substring 'North'.
How many dogs have an age below the average?
Count the number of dogs of an age below the average.
How much does the treatment with the highest cost among the most recent treatments cost?
Show me the cost of all treatments performed on the most recent date.
How many dogs have not gone through any treatment?
Tell me the number of dogs that have not received any treatment .
How many owners temporarily do not have any dogs?
Find the number of owners who do not own any dogs at this moment.
How many professionals did not operate any treatment on dogs?
Find the number of professionals who have not treated any dogs.
List the dog name, age and weight of the dogs who have been abandoned? 1 stands for yes, and 0 stands for no.
What are the dog name, age and weight of the dogs that were abandoned? Note that 1 stands for yes, and 0 stands for no in the tables.
What is the average age of all the dogs?
Compute the average age of all the dogs.
What is the age of the oldest dog?
Tell me the age of the oldest dog.
How much does each charge type costs? List both charge type and amount.
List each charge type and its amount.
How much does the most expensive charge type costs?
What is the charge amount of the most expensive charge type?
List the email, cell phone and home phone of all the professionals.
What are the email, cell phone and home phone of each professional?
What are all the possible breed type and size type combinations?
Find the distinct breed type and size type combinations for dogs.
List the first name of all the professionals along with the description of all treatments they have done.
What are each professional's first name and description of the treatment they have performed?
How many singers are there?
What is the count of singers?
List the name of singers in ascending order of net worth, and in case of a tie, sort by name alphabetically.
What are the names of singers ordered by ascending net worth and then ascending Singer ID if net worth values are the same?
What are the birth year and citizenship of singers?
What are the birth years and citizenships of the singers?
List the name of singers whose citizenship is not 'France'.
What are the names of the singers who are not French citizens?
Show the name of singers whose birth year is either 1948 or 1949?
What are the names of the singers whose birth years are either 1948 or 1949?
What are the names of all singers with the largest net worth?
What is the name of the singer who is worth the most? If there is a tie, list all singers with the highest worth.
Show different citizenship of singers and the number of singers of each citizenship.
For each citizenship, how many singers are from that country?
Please show all citizenships of singers that have the highest frequency.
List all singer citizenships along with their occurrence counts.
Show different citizenships and the maximum net worth of singers of each citizenship.
For each citizenship, what is the maximum net worth?
Show titles of songs and names of singers.
What are the song titles and singer names?
Show distinct names of singers that have songs with sales more than 300000.
List the different names of the singers that have at least one song with sales more than 300000.
Show the names of singers that have more than one song.
What are the names of the singers that have more than one songs?
Show the names of singers and the total sales of their songs.
For each singer, what is the total sales for their songs?
List the name of singers that do not have any song.
What is the name of every singer that does not have any song?
Show the citizenships common to singers born before 1945 and those born after 1955
What are the citizenships that are shared by singers with a birth year before 1945 and after 1955?
How many available features are there in total?
What is the feature type name of feature AirCon?
Show the property type descriptions of properties belonging to that code.
What are the names of properties that are either houses or apartments with more than 1 room?
