Which model of the car has the minimum horsepower?
What is the maker of the carr produced in the earliest year and what year was it?
Which of the countries has the most car makers? List the country name.
What is the name of the country with the most car makers?
What is the accelerate of the car make amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How much does the car accelerate that makes amc hornet sportabout (sw)?
How many car makers are there in france?
What is the number of makers of care in France?
What is the count of the car models produced in the United States?
What are all the makers and models?
What are the makers and models?
Which countries in europe have at least 3 car manufacturers?
What are the names of all European countries with at least 3 manufacturers?
What is the maximum horsepower and the make of the car models with 3 cylinders?
What is the largest amount of horsepower for the models with 3 cylinders and what make is it?
Which model saves the most gasoline? That is to say, have the maximum miles per gallon.
What is the average edispl for all volvos?
What are the names and ids of all makers with more than 3 models?
What are the different models created by either the car maker General Motors or weighed more than 3500?
What are the different years in which there were cars produced that weighed less than 4000 and also cars that weighted more than 3000 ?
For a volvo model, how many cylinders does the version with least accelerate have?
How many cars have a larger accelerate than the car with the largest horsepower?
How many countries has more than 2 car makers ?
What is the number of countries with more than 2 car makers ?
Among the cars that do not have the minimum horsepower , what are the make ids and names of all those with less than 4 cylinders ?
Which models are lighter than 3500 but not built by the 'Ford Motor Company'?
What are the different models wthat are lighter than 3500 but were not built by the Ford Motor Company?
What are the name of the countries where there is not a single car maker?
What are the names of the countries with no car makers?
Which are the car makers which produce at least 2 models and more than 3 car makers ? List the id and the maker .
What are the ids and makers of all car makers that produce at least 2 models and make more than 3 cars?
What are the ids and names of all countries that either have more than 3 car makers or produce fiat model ?
find the name of employee who was awarded the most times in the evaluation.
Which employee received the most awards in evaluations? Give me the employee name.
What is the name of the shop that is hiring the largest number of employees?
Which shop has the most employees? Give me the shop name.
Find the number of employees hired in each shop; show the shop name as well.
For each shop, return the number of employees working there and the name of the shop.
Which district has both stores with less than 3000 products and stores with more than 10000 products?
What are the languages used by the least number of TV Channels and how many channels use it?
What is the series name of the TV Channel that shows the cartoon "The Rise of the Blue Beetle"?
List the Episode of all TV series sorted by rating.
What are all of the episodes ordered by ratings?
Find the package choice and series name of the TV channel that has high definition TV.
What are the package options and the name of the series for the TV Channel that supports high definition TV?
which countries' tv channels are playing some cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that have cartoons on TV that were written by Todd Casey?
which countries' tv channels are not playing any cartoon written by Todd Casey?
What are the countries that are not playing cartoons written by Todd Casey?
Find the series name and country of the tv channel that is playing some cartoons directed by Ben Jones and Michael Chang?
What is the series name and country of all TV channels that are playing cartoons directed by Ben Jones and cartoons directed by Michael Chang?
find id of the tv channels that from the countries where have more than two tv channels.
What are the ids of all tv channels that have more than 2 TV channels?
What are the names of the singers who are not French citizens?
Please show the most common citizenship of singers.
Show the names of singers that have more than one song.
Show the names of singers and the total sales of their songs.
For each singer name, what is the total sales for their songs?
Show the citizenship shared by singers with birth year before 1945 and after 1955.
What are the citizenships that are shared by singers with a birth year before 1945 and after 1955?
List the name of teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' .
What are the names of the teachers whose hometown is not `` Little Lever Urban District '' ?
What is the hometown of the youngest teacher?
What is the most commmon hometowns for teachers?
Show the name of the teacher for the math course.
What are the names of the people who teach math courses?
Show names of teachers and the number of courses they teach.
What are the names of the teachers and how many courses do they teach?
Show names of teachers that teach at least two courses.
What are the names of the teachers who teach at least two courses?
What are the descriptions for all the math courses?
Which department offers the most number of degrees? List department name and id.
What is the name and id of the department with the most number of degrees ?
How many different degrees are offered?
How many degrees does the engineering department offer?
How many degrees does the engineering department have?
What are the names and ids of every course with less than 2 sections?
What is the semester which most student registered in? Show both the name and the id.
For each semester, what is the name and id of the one with the most students registered?
What is the description of the department whose name has the substring the computer?
Who are enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester? List the first name, middle name and last name and the id.
What are the first, middle, and last names, along with the ids, of all students who enrolled in 2 degree programs in one semester?
Who is enrolled in a Bachelor degree program? List the first name, middle name, last name.
What are the first, middle, and last names for everybody enrolled in a Bachelors program?
Find the program which most number of students are enrolled in. List both the id and the summary.
What is the program id and the summary of the degree that has the most students enrolled?
Which student has enrolled for the most times in any program? List the id, first name, middle name, last name, the number of enrollments and student id.
What is the first, middle, and last name, along with the id and number of enrollments, for the student who enrolled the most in any program?
What is the name of the course with the most students enrolled?
Find the last name of the students who currently live in the state of North Carolina but have not registered in any degree program.
What are the last name of the students who live in North Carolina but have not registered in any degree programs?
What is the mobile phone number of the student named Timmothy Ward ?
Which address holds the most number of students currently? List the address id and all lines.
What is the id, line 1, and line 2 of the address with the most students?
When is the first transcript released? List the date and details.
What is the maximum number of times that a course shows up in different transcripts and what is that course's enrollment id?
Show the date of the transcript which shows the least number of results, also list the id.
What is the date and id of the transcript with the least number of results?
Find the semester when both Master students and Bachelor students got enrolled in.
What is the id of the semester that had both Masters and Bachelors students enrolled?
What are the different addresses that have students living there?
List all the student details in reversed lexicographical order.
What other details can you tell me about students in reverse alphabetical order?
Find the first name of the students who permanently live in the country Haiti or have the cell phone number 09700166582 .
What are the first names of the students who live in Haiti permanently or have the cell phone number 09700166582 ?
Find the highest rank of losers in all matches.
List the names of all winners who played in both 2013 and 2016.
What are the names of players who won in both 2013 and 2016?
Find the name and rank points of the winner who won the most times.
What is the name of the winner who has won the most matches, and how many rank points does this player have?
Find the name of the winner who has the highest rank points and participated in the Australian Open tourney.
What is the name of the winner with the most rank points who participated in the Australian Open tournament?
find the names of loser and winner who played in the match with greatest number of minutes.
What are the names of the winner and loser who played in the longest match?
Find the average ranking for each player and their first name.
What are the first names of all players, and their average rankings?
Find the total ranking points for each player and their first name.
What are the first names of all players, and their total ranking points?
Find the name and rank of the 3 youngest winners across all matches.
What are the names and ranks of the three youngest winners across all matches?
How many different winners both participated in the WTA Championships and were left handed?
Find the number of left handed winners who participated in the WTA Championships.
What is the id and type code for the template used by the most documents?
Return the id and type code of the template that is used for the greatest number of documents.
What are the different template type codes?
Count the number of templates of the type CV.
What the smallest version number and its template type code?
Return the lowest version number, along with its corresponding template type code.
Show all template type codes that are not used by any document.
What are the codes of template types that are not used for any document?
Show paragraph details for paragraph with text 'Korea ' .
What are the details for the paragraph that includes the text 'Korea ' ?
What is the document id and name with greatest number of paragraphs?
Return the id and name of the document with the most paragraphs.
What is the document id with least number of paragraphs?
Return the id of the document with the fewest paragraphs.
Show the document id with paragraph text 'Brazil' and 'Ireland'.
What is the birth date of the poker player with the lowest earnings?
What is the money rank of the tallest poker player?
Return the money rank of the poker player with the greatest height.
How many countries have a republic as their form of government?
How many countries have governments that are republics?
What is the name of country that has the shortest life expectancy in Asia?
What is the average life expectancy in African countries that are republics?
Give the average life expectancy for countries in Africa which are republics?
What is the average GNP and total population in all nations whose government is US territory?
Give the mean GNP and total population of nations which are considered US territory.
Which continent has the most diverse languages?
Which continent speaks the most languages?
How many countries speak both English and Dutch?
What is the number of nations that use English and Dutch?
What are the countries where either English or Dutch is the official language ?
Which countries have either English or Dutch as an official language?
Which language is the most popular on the Asian continent?
What languages are only used by a single country with a republic government?
Find the city with the largest population that uses English.
What is the most populace city that speaks English?
What is average life expectancy in the countries where English is not the official language?
Give the mean life expectancy of countries in which English is not the official language.
What is the total number of people living in the nations that do not use English?
How many people live in countries that do not speak English?
What are the countries that have greater surface area than any country in Europe?
Which countries have greater area than that of any country in Europe?
What are the African countries that have a  population less than any country in Asia?
What are the Asian countries which have a population larger than that of any country in Africa?
What are the country codes for countries that do not speak English?
Return the country codes for countries that do not speak English.
Which cities are in European countries where English is not the official language?
What are the names of cities in Europe for which English is not the official language?
Which unique cities are in Asian countries where Chinese is the official language ?
Give the name, year of independence, and surface area of the country that has the lowest population.
What is the total population and average area of countries in the continent of North America whose area is bigger than 3000 ?
Give the total population and average surface area corresponding to countries in North America that have a surface area greater than 3000 .
What is the language spoken by the largest percentage of people in each country?
What is the total number of countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people?
Count the number of countries for which Spanish is the predominantly spoken language.
What are the codes of countries where Spanish is spoken by the largest percentage of people?
Return the codes of countries for which Spanish is the predominantly spoken language.
Find the weight of the youngest dog.
How much does the youngest dog weigh?
How many dog pets are raised by female students?
Find the first name and age of students who have a dog but do not have a cat as a pet.
What is the first name of every student who has a dog but does not have a cat?
Find the type and weight of the youngest pet.
What type of pet is the youngest animal, and how much does it weigh?
Find the first name and age of students who have a pet.
What country is Jetblue Airways affiliated with?
Which abbreviation corresponds to Jetblue Airways?
How many flights fly from Aberdeen to Ashley?
Give the number of Jetblue Airways flights.
How many 'United Airlines' flights go to Airport 'ASY'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights arriving in ASY Airport.
How many 'United Airlines' flights depart from Airport 'AHD'?
Return the number of United Airlines flights leaving from AHD Airport.
How many United Airlines flights go to City 'Aberdeen'?
Count the number of United Airlines flights that arrive in Aberdeen.
What is the code of airport that has fewest number of flights?
Give the code of the airport with the least flights.
Which airline has most number of flights?
What airline serves the most flights?
Find the abbreviation and country of the airline that has fewest number of flights?
What is the abbreviation of the airilne has the fewest flights and what country is it in?
What are airlines that have some flight departing from airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with source airport AHD?
What are airlines that have flights arriving at airport 'AHD'?
Which airlines have a flight with destination airport AHD?
Find all airlines that have flights from both airports 'APG' and 'CVO'.
Which airlines have departing flights from both APG and CVO airports?
Find all airlines that have flights from airport 'CVO' but not from 'APG'.
Which airlines have departures from CVO but not from APG airports?
Find all airlines that have at least 10 flights.
Which airlines have at least 10 flights?
Which airlines have less than 200 flights?
What are flight numbers of Airline "United Airlines"?
Which flight numbers correspond to United Airlines flights?
Show the name and the release year of the song by the youngest singer.
What are the names and release years for all the songs of the youngest singer?
What is the maximum capacity and the average of all stadiums ?
Show the stadium name and the number of concerts in each stadium.
For each stadium, how many concerts play there?
Show the stadium name and capacity with most number of concerts in year 2014 or after.
What is the name and capacity of the stadium with the most concerts after 2013 ?
Show names for all stadiums except for stadiums having a concert in year 2014.
What are the names of all stadiums that did not have a concert in 2014?
List all singer names in concerts in year 2014.
What are the names of the singers who performed in a concert in 2014?
What are the names and locations of the stadiums that had concerts that occurred in both 2014 and 2015?
Show the names of conductors that have conducted more than one orchestras.
What are the names of conductors who have conducted at more than one orchestra?
What is the name of the conductor who has conducted the most orchestras?
Please show the record formats of orchestras in ascending order of count.
What are the major record formats of orchestras, sorted by their frequency?
List the record company shared by the most number of orchestras.
What are the record companies that are used by both orchestras founded before 2003 and those founded after 2003?
Find the average age of the dogs who went through treatments.
Which professionals live in the state of Indiana or have done treatment on more than 2 treatments? List his or her id, last name and cell phone.
Find the id, last name and cell phone of the professionals who live in the state of Indiana or have performed more than two treatments.
Which owner owns the most dogs? List the owner id, first name and last name.
Return the owner id, first name and last name of the owner who has the most dogs.
Which owner has paid for the most treatments on his or her dogs? List the owner id and last name.
Tell me the owner id and last name of the owner who spent the most on treatments of his or her dogs.
Which owner has paid the largest amount of money in total for their dogs? Show the owner id and zip code.
Find the owner id and zip code of the owner who spent the most money in total for his or her dogs.
Which professionals have done at least two types of treatments? List the professional id and cell phone.
Find the id and cell phone of the professionals who operate two or more types of treatments.
What are the first name and last name of the professionals who have done treatment with cost below average?
Which professionals have operated a treatment that costs less than the average? Give me theor first names and last names.
List each owner's first name, last name, and the size of his for her dog.
What are each owner's first name, last name, and the size of their dog?
What are the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs who have gone through a treatment?
Find the arriving date and the departing date of the dogs that received a treatment.
List the last name of the owner owning the youngest dog.
Who owns the youngest dog? Give me his or her last name.
How much does the most recent treatment cost?
Show me the cost of the most recently performed treatment.
What are all the possible breed type and size type combinations?
Find the distinct breed type and size type combinations for dogs.
List the first name of all the professionals along with the description of the treatment they have done.
What are each professional's first name and description of the treatment they have performed?
Show all the grades of the high schoolers.
What is the grade of each high schooler?
How many friends does each student have?
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of friends?
Show the names of all of the high schooler Kyle's friends.
Return the names of friends of the high school student Kyle.
Show names of all high school students who do not have any friends.
What are the names of students who have no friends?
Show name of all students who have some friends and also are liked by someone else.
What are the names of high schoolers who both have friends and are liked?
What is the name of the high schooler who has the greatest number of likes?
Give the name of the student with the most likes.
How many likes does Kyle have?
How many states are there?
Of all the contestants who got voted, what is the contestant number and name of the contestant who got least votes?
find the id, name and age for visitors who visited some museums more than once.
What are the id, name and membership level of visitors who have spent the largest amount of money in total in all museum tickets?
What are the id and name of the museum visited most times?
List the name, date and result of each battle.
What is maximum and minimum death toll caused each time?
What is the ship id and name that caused most total injuries?
What are the distinct battle names which are between bulgarian commander 'Kaloyan' and latin commander 'Baldwin I'?
List the name and date the battle that has lost the ship named 'Lettice' and the ship named 'HMS Atalanta'
Show names, results and bulgarian commanders of the battles with no ships lost in the 'English Channel'.
Show the property type descriptions of properties belonging to that code.
What are the names of properties that are either houses or apartments with more than 1 room?